this video is sponsored by Dollar Shave
Club click the link down below and stay
tuned after the video for more
information
[Music]
playing games on your cell phone
nowadays is pretty normal but could you
imagine trying to do that back in the
90s how would that even work you can't
play games on this thing can you no you
can't but that didn't stop Nintendo or
Bandai with their terribie koto system
[Music]
so what is this thing exactly it just
looks like a normal kid's toy that when
you first bought music makes Lackey
noises well no actually the tarabuco was
an interactive toy that you would
actually hook up to your TV or VCR there
were nine different VHS tapes you could
buy and play the game with everything
from Hello Kitty to dragon ball to yup
even Super Mario Bros every anime was
about thirty minutes long staying true
to the source material and giving you an
educational adventure all while
providing a genuinely entertaining show
in the process throughout the episode
the characters will come across an issue
usually involving counting memorization
and other miscellaneous young children's
show questions the main character will
stop the episode and pick up a phone to
call you and your toy will actually ring
they then proceed to ask you a question
it's multiple choice and you need to
select the correct answer on your
telephone this toy was really ahead of
its time actually seeing it ring and
light up in accordance with what's
happening on TV is awesome but enough
jibber-jabber let's dust off the VCR
yeah I still have that thing and let's
check out Mario to Yoshino Vulcan land
or Mario and Yoshi's Adventureland
now this specific anime came out in the
early to mid 90s and the Mario game that
was out and hot at the time was Super
Mario World
[Music]
meaning this anime is completely mario
world themed with its characters setting
and even music this is awesome
especially since Super Mario World is
probably my favorite 2d Mario game so
the show starts off with Mario and Luigi
receiving a letter from Princess Peach
saying they should come and visit
dinosaur Island and since the princess
isn't busy being captured Mario and
Luigi
have nothing else to do I guess so they
board a plane and begin their wonderful
vacation Mario and Yoshi's adventure
land
Yoshi's only been shown in a picture so
far what about Luigi he's right there
oh well I'll let it slide for now
considering they're using actual music
from the game Mario and Luigi then
decide to break the fourth wall saying
they feel like they're forgetting
something oh yeah us the viewers at home
Luigi busts out the tarabuco telephone
what he just carrying that on you at all
times oh but you can't bother to have a
spare fire flower in there would I need
it Oh
[Music]
moshi-moshi book Mario hi Mario
why are you such a dick to Luigi so that
was all just a test to make sure the
toys working once the Mario Brothers
land they're greeted by Bowser who of
course has stolen the princess come on
and it's our job to save her
[Music]
hello waffle enterprises so here we have
our first question what creature do we
think is going to come out of the egg
gosh I didn't expect these kind of brain
Buster's this early well if you've
played Super Mario World you should know
what's in that egg it's the Koopa it's
the Yoshi you're given about ten seconds
to think of your answer and hit the
correct button on your toy if you guess
the oh she then Congrats
you're smart oh god he stalks Yoshi then
joins our adventure to rescue the
princess we then come across a bridge
full of enemies we're okay
confession time when I first watched
this I was an exactly paying super
attention so when this question came up
I had no idea what the answer was I
started doing this complicated math
formula but it turns out all you had to
do was count the enemies on screen I
really overthought this children's
question the correct answer were the
Koopas followed by a fun counting
session full of violence also Congrats
we learned to count in Japanese Yoshi
finishes off the rest of the enemies by
burning them alive leaving behind
another egg this time containing a cute
beat-up yellow Yoshi he tells us to
continue our journey without him because
he's too weak and would only slow us
down oh my gosh this is becoming an
emotional roller coaster the gang then
come across a pool house where we need
to answer the question which of these
four items will help defeat the booze
it's not exactly a Mario specific
question I chose the candle which turned
out to be correct but there are candles
in the Buu house in the game and they
don't seem super effective but you
whatever I redeem myself from the
counting question from earlier that's
what matters
after removing the booze from purgatory
and finally sending them to the eternal
afterlife we are greeted with many
keyholes
Nick una llamada Tomo
they all look the same
go with your gut when you answer I guess
we'll just pick a random one and hope
for the best I got it wrong
so as it turns out this answer is random
what about was that educational that's
like if I ask you hey well game is in
this case Super Smash Brothers Mario
Legend of Zelda or Kirby and then when I
open it up it's like I don't know it's
empty right now but maybe some maybe
next time there'll be something in there
you know so our next obstacle comes in
the form of this lava pit
Kamik turns these blocks invisible and
we're presented with three colored
switches to turn them solid you know
just like in the game why we can't just
hit all three though is beyond me but
whatever I'll play along don't is a
mathematical Authority only now the
homeowner knows it's gonna be pong all
right so if you figure that out you're
smarter than I am
I overthought it again and I thought
that every block needed to be solid
because you know I didn't take into
account that the Mario Brothers can jump
yeah that thing that they very rarely do
you're a [ __ ] idiot I've never
struggled so much with a children's
educational TV show we also rescue
another Yoshi a sassy little red one
that wants to join us unfortunately
though he's too small and wouldn't be
much help
but that won't stop red Yoshi because he
will oh man I know that's what Yoshi's
do and I've probably eaten a ton of
enemies while playing a Mario game but
something about this is just so
unsettling Yoshi's face sums it up
perfectly the four are now adventuring
together on this educational journey the
show then continues with its formula
adventure around and ask more questions
like which brother will collect the most
coins what fruit is this which tree has
yellow petals and red fruits it's all
fun and entertaining all of this leading
up to the Koopa Kids Castle where the
brothers and
she fall into a spiky deathtrap the
ceilings coming down on them and we need
to choose which hole the gang can hide
in to be safe I like this question
because it really feels like a scenario
you would find yourself in while playing
Super Mario World or any Mario game for
that matter oh thank god they're not
dead that would have been a terrible
time for me to have one of my stupid
moments the gang then have a pretty
awesome battle with the Koopa Kids
including an almost Wendy death it's for
the kids
Mario grabs the cape spins to win and
they rescue a bunch of Yoshi eggs
[Music]
of course it wouldn't be a Super Mario
World finale without blowing up the
castle of course whoever set up the
detonators did a terrible job and needs
to be fired so we need to select the
correct one follow the line and it's the
blue one she got stuck or not or I guess
not
Mario then sends poor Luigi to go over
there and see what's wrong oh come on
why is he the errand boy
oh yeah oh that's so Luigi I'm on these
there
what so yeah for the first time ever the
Mario Brothers have a fight with Luigi
being fed up of being treated like a
useless sidekick and leaves Mario and
Mario doesn't care one bit saying
who needs Luigi I can do this on my own
what is this the last thing I expected
to be on this children's educational
show was brotherly dispute this is
probably the most depth the Mario
Brothers have ever had read Yoshi
eventually convinces Luigi's Alba's
brother and Mario comes to the
realization that he needs his brother's
help and with their powers combined they
become the last question has this
essentially defeat Bowser we can choose
if we'd hit him in the air or on the
ground you could select whatever you
want here
either way ends up with Bowser's demise
and the gang rescuing the princess
everyone is finally happy and oh please
not again don't do this to me my heart
literally can't take anymore yeah
everything wraps up nicely with Mario
calling us one last time saying we
should play again soon yeah they never
made any more mario ones which is kind
of a shame because even as an adult well
you know adult I found this anime to be
incredibly entertaining it's well
animated looks very pretty as a fair
amount of action and drama for what's
essentially dora the explorer'
and it pays a lot of tribute to super
mario world
this is incredibly well made and a
really ambitious project for the time
even if you don't have the toy I'd still
recommend checking these shows out there
a really interesting piece of history
and they'll make you less dumb so you
don't end up like me
using this old cellphone thinking it was
a children's toy from the 90s see you
later
hey Dollar Shave Club I'm proud to be
working with these guys because they
help keep my face smooth and clean and
looking like I'm 13 years old forever as
possible but they got much more than
just razors with their body wash
toothpaste deodorants and bud wipes I
mean come on these things feel so good
don't judge me their executive razor is
so good it makes my face feel just as
smooth as a baby's bottom or my bottom
after I use the butt wipes why did I say
that
and if you click and if you click the
link down below at dollarshaveclub.com
slash connor the waffle you can join the
club for just $5 and doing that will get
you the essential starter pack that
comes with trial versions of some of
their best products so what are you
waiting for
I'm proud to be working with Dollar
Shave Club and getting the world to look
like the most best-looking waffles out
there how you doing so thanks again
Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring the
video and thank you
the lovely waffling x' for always being
the best